Give you a chance to handle it yourself
You can see how arrogant it is now
No matter how tall or how hard you try
In front of King Shura
You will always be crushed to ashes
Lord Shura, forgive me, my daughter is still young
I bear all the blame
Don't kneel
King Shura, the king of the underground world
Give me the kneel of an ordinary small rice seller
You are from Henan, why did you hit me?
culture
Did I raise you so that you could come here to bully men and women?
Ah bro, I don't do it anymore, I don't do it anymore
What's the use of apologizing?
Get out and apologize to those two
Brother Xiaoyu, I was wrong, I shouldn't have bullied you
I was wrong, I was wrong, please forgive me.
I can't do that.
Offended the underground king of Yuncheng
Damn I guessed it right
Look at me. I'm itching.
I really want to go to Shura Hell
Hey, didn't you say you wanted to take me there?
Go, let me see
What does it feel like to know the eighteen types of torture?